com/demo/dagger2demo_kotlin/di/AppModule_ProvideBaseUrlFactory.java
 com.demo.dagger2demo_kotlin.di.AppModule_ProvideBaseUrlFactory
 com.demo.dagger2demo_kotlin.di.AppModule_ProvideBaseUrlFactory$InstanceHolder
dagger/hilt/internal/aggregatedroot/codegen/_com_demo_dagger2demo_kotlin_MyApplication.java
 dagger.hilt.internal.aggregatedroot.codegen._com_demo_dagger2demo_kotlin_MyApplication
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_demo_dagger2demo_kotlin_MainActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_demo_dagger2demo_kotlin_MainActivity_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_androidx_hilt_lifecycle_ViewModelFactoryModules_ActivityModuleModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._androidx_hilt_lifecycle_ViewModelFactoryModules_ActivityModuleModuleDeps
com/demo/dagger2demo_kotlin/Hilt_MyApplication.java
 com.demo.dagger2demo_kotlin.Hilt_MyApplication
 com.demo.dagger2demo_kotlin.Hilt_MyApplication$1
com/demo/dagger2demo_kotlin/MyApplication_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.demo.dagger2demo_kotlin.MyApplication_GeneratedInjector
com/demo/dagger2demo_kotlin/MyApplication_ComponentTreeDeps.java
 com.demo.dagger2demo_kotlin.MyApplication_ComponentTreeDeps
hilt_aggregated_deps/_androidx_hilt_lifecycle_ViewModelFactoryModules_FragmentModuleModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._androidx_hilt_lifecycle_ViewModelFactoryModules_FragmentModuleModuleDeps
com/demo/dagger2demo_kotlin/MainActivityViewModel_Factory.java
 com.demo.dagger2demo_kotlin.MainActivityViewModel_Factory
com/demo/dagger2demo_kotlin/BuildConfig.java
 com.demo.dagger2demo_kotlin.BuildConfig
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_demo_dagger2demo_kotlin_MainActivityViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_demo_dagger2demo_kotlin_MainActivityViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_demo_dagger2demo_kotlin_MyApplication_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_demo_dagger2demo_kotlin_MyApplication_GeneratedInjector
dagger/hilt/internal/processedrootsentinel/codegen/_com_demo_dagger2demo_kotlin_MyApplication.java
 dagger.hilt.internal.processedrootsentinel.codegen._com_demo_dagger2demo_kotlin_MyApplication
com/demo/dagger2demo_kotlin/MainActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.demo.dagger2demo_kotlin.MainActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/demo/dagger2demo_kotlin/di/AppModule_ProvideRetrofitInstanceFactory.java
 com.demo.dagger2demo_kotlin.di.AppModule_ProvideRetrofitInstanceFactory
com/demo/dagger2demo_kotlin/DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC.java
 com.demo.dagger2demo_kotlin.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC
 com.demo.dagger2demo_kotlin.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$1
 com.demo.dagger2demo_kotlin.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityCBuilder
 com.demo.dagger2demo_kotlin.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityCImpl
 com.demo.dagger2demo_kotlin.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCBuilder
 com.demo.dagger2demo_kotlin.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl
 com.demo.dagger2demo_kotlin.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$SwitchingProvider
 com.demo.dagger2demo_kotlin.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$Builder
 com.demo.dagger2demo_kotlin.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$FragmentCBuilder
 com.demo.dagger2demo_kotlin.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$FragmentCImpl
 com.demo.dagger2demo_kotlin.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ServiceCBuilder
 com.demo.dagger2demo_kotlin.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ServiceCImpl
 com.demo.dagger2demo_kotlin.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$SwitchingProvider
 com.demo.dagger2demo_kotlin.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewCBuilder
 com.demo.dagger2demo_kotlin.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewCImpl
 com.demo.dagger2demo_kotlin.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewModelCBuilder
 com.demo.dagger2demo_kotlin.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewModelCImpl
 com.demo.dagger2demo_kotlin.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewModelCImpl$SwitchingProvider
 com.demo.dagger2demo_kotlin.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewWithFragmentCBuilder
 com.demo.dagger2demo_kotlin.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewWithFragmentCImpl
com/demo/dagger2demo_kotlin/MainActivityViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.demo.dagger2demo_kotlin.MainActivityViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.demo.dagger2demo_kotlin.MainActivityViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_demo_dagger2demo_kotlin_di_AppModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_demo_dagger2demo_kotlin_di_AppModule
com/demo/dagger2demo_kotlin/MainActivityViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.demo.dagger2demo_kotlin.MainActivityViewModel_HiltModules
 com.demo.dagger2demo_kotlin.MainActivityViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.demo.dagger2demo_kotlin.MainActivityViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_demo_dagger2demo_kotlin_MainActivityViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_demo_dagger2demo_kotlin_MainActivityViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
com/demo/dagger2demo_kotlin/MyApplication_HiltComponents.java
 com.demo.dagger2demo_kotlin.MyApplication_HiltComponents
 com.demo.dagger2demo_kotlin.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityC
 com.demo.dagger2demo_kotlin.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityC$Builder
 com.demo.dagger2demo_kotlin.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityCBuilderModule
 com.demo.dagger2demo_kotlin.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC
 com.demo.dagger2demo_kotlin.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC$Builder
 com.demo.dagger2demo_kotlin.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedCBuilderModule
 com.demo.dagger2demo_kotlin.MyApplication_HiltComponents$FragmentC
 com.demo.dagger2demo_kotlin.MyApplication_HiltComponents$FragmentC$Builder
 com.demo.dagger2demo_kotlin.MyApplication_HiltComponents$FragmentCBuilderModule
 com.demo.dagger2demo_kotlin.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ServiceC
 com.demo.dagger2demo_kotlin.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ServiceC$Builder
 com.demo.dagger2demo_kotlin.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ServiceCBuilderModule
 com.demo.dagger2demo_kotlin.MyApplication_HiltComponents$SingletonC
 com.demo.dagger2demo_kotlin.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ViewC
 com.demo.dagger2demo_kotlin.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ViewC$Builder
 com.demo.dagger2demo_kotlin.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ViewCBuilderModule
 com.demo.dagger2demo_kotlin.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ViewModelC
 com.demo.dagger2demo_kotlin.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ViewModelC$Builder
 com.demo.dagger2demo_kotlin.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ViewModelCBuilderModule
 com.demo.dagger2demo_kotlin.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC
 com.demo.dagger2demo_kotlin.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC$Builder
 com.demo.dagger2demo_kotlin.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentCBuilderModule
com/demo/dagger2demo_kotlin/Hilt_MainActivity.java
 com.demo.dagger2demo_kotlin.Hilt_MainActivity
 com.demo.dagger2demo_kotlin.Hilt_MainActivity$1
